README.md, before:

# Priroda

Priroda is a graphical (UI in browser) debugger for Rust programs

## Setup

You need a few things before you can get started. At the very minimum you need to have
the graphviz libraries present.

* debian/ubuntu: `apt install libgraphviz-dev`

Next, you're going to want a libstd with full MIR. The easiest way to obtain this is via
`cargo miri` (install with `cargo +nightly install --force --git https://github.com/rust-lang/miri miri`).

And finally you need to install the `rustc-dev` component with `rustup component add rustc-dev`.

## Features

* Supports commands known from gdb
  * next, step, continue
* Inspect memory of all stack frames visually
* Follow pointers by clicking hyperlinks
* Track your progress through a function in a graph of the MIR
* Style your debugging experience with CSS

## Usage

`cargo run some_rust_file.rs` will automatically start a http server and open a
browser. UI is changing rapidly right now, so you need to figure out how to use
it by yourself (or by asking on irc) for now.

## Contributing and getting help

Check out the issues on this GitHub repository for some ideas. There's lots that
needs to be done that I haven't documented in the issues yet, however. For more
ideas or help with running or hacking on Priroda, you can contact me (`oli_obk`)
on Mozilla IRC in any of the Rust IRC channels (`#rust`, `#rust-offtopic`, etc).

### Miri

This project depends entirely on [Miri](https://github.com/rust-lang/miri).
So if you want to improve something that we fail to interpret, add a unit test
to Miri and fix it there.

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE)
* MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT)

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Try to clarify how to obtain libstd with full MIR.

README.md, after:

# Priroda

Priroda is a graphical (UI in browser) debugger for Rust programs

## Setup

You need a few things before you can get started. At the very minimum you need to have
the graphviz libraries present.

* debian/ubuntu: `apt install libgraphviz-dev`

Next, you're going to want a libstd with full MIR. The easiest way to obtain this is via
`cargo miri`:

```bash
# Install cargo miri:
rustup component add miri
# Compile libstd:
cargo miri setup
# Set the MIRI_SYSROOT environment variable to the path printed by the setup command:
export MIRI_SYSROOT=...
```

And finally you need to install the `rustc-dev` component with `rustup component add rustc-dev`.

## Features

* Supports commands known from gdb
  * next, step, continue
* Inspect memory of all stack frames visually
* Follow pointers by clicking hyperlinks
* Track your progress through a function in a graph of the MIR
* Style your debugging experience with CSS

## Usage

`cargo run some_rust_file.rs` will automatically start a http server and open a
browser. UI is changing rapidly right now, so you need to figure out how to use
it by yourself (or by asking on irc) for now.

## Contributing and getting help

Check out the issues on this GitHub repository for some ideas. There's lots that
needs to be done that I haven't documented in the issues yet, however. For more
ideas or help with running or hacking on Priroda, you can contact me (`oli_obk`)
on Mozilla IRC in any of the Rust IRC channels (`#rust`, `#rust-offtopic`, etc).

### Miri

This project depends entirely on [Miri](https://github.com/rust-lang/miri).
So if you want to improve something that we fail to interpret, add a unit test
to Miri and fix it there.

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE)
* MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT)

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
